deprecation note (#120)
axiomhq/axiom-node: README.md

> > *Info:* Check out [axiom-js](https://github.com/axiomhq/axiomjs), our new cross-platform solution with JavaScript SDKs and libraries. `axiom-node` will be deprecated August 1st 2023.
> > 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Note** Check out [axiom-js](https://github.com/axiomhq/axiomjs), our new cross-platform solution with JavaScript SDKs and libraries.
```

Changed my mind, deprecation note looks weird, let's maybe take more time to think about this.
